### 05:01
I am old enough to feel that the life is short. I believe it is due to this feeling that my psychological foundation of [[selfishness]] is being portrayed on my canvas of possible actions, colors, and boundaries thereof. and yet I am one of those slow students who start to grow up at 21 and perhaps actually become an adult somewhere around 30. I am too childish to be able to live like a man, a being who accumulates wealth, respect, and friendship to first build confidence for a romantic relationship and then perhaps to construct products of material and biological kind to be both proud of the self and give back to the society through next generation. I do not see myself ever getting married, for I do not see a value in matrimony and its institution in general. I do, however, see an immense value in global knowledge that's immortal in time, and local friendship that's immortal in space. love is something that i see as a bridge between this platonic friendship and this material knowledge, for both have their counterparts, the material companionship of the boy and platonic wisdom of absolute ideas. I believe we love to perhaps marry, but to marry to perhaps love is something that's only in the totality of political tactics in my knowledge of the world model I seem to be living in.

I just finished watching Pride and Prejudices, the 2005 version, and I must admit there were some new ideas in there I never even had a sense of existence. Ms Elizabeth did find her "deep love" which she was putting in as a condition to even consider matrimony in her life. I love the people of her kind. I believe I am in the class of her kind.

I value more the platonic love than material relationships, respect, friendship, degrees, properties, and whatnot! and I've always been able to live up to it without even feeling that i was. in fact, it's only recently that I've come to know of the opinions, that i was indifferent to by, perhaps, my inherent nature of existence, that there exists people who optimize for the immediate existence than for the platonic one. and If I'm right, someone in the film did mention this by saying "I can't afford to be romantic like you, I'm 27, and I'm burden on my parents already". 

que sera, sera, but I'm not planning to die at 27. 

### 19:57
I am reading [[The Road to Reality by Roger Penrose]], even though I shouldn't! I can't control my curiosity, even when I need to focus on exams. I wish I had that power. but my curiosity is episodic, when I feel it I feel it every fucking second, but when I don't I just don't. same thing with feeling romantic. I feel like this explains the fact that I'm about to be 24 in 3 months and still not affiliated to anywhere nor am i independent. I am not really reading it linearly. I've read several chapters back in 2020/21 and now I'm just skimming through other ones which seem to makes sense!
