### 23:20
Came here to say two things. first, that I feel like I want to go back to [[Aerospace Engineering]] but it feels like my formal education will stop me from all the angles. but it's also true that I want to learn all the sciences, and I can't do everything! I feel like the middle ground is to do a PhD in a subjects that's common to all, that is mathematics, and then just hope that before the end of PhD I'll have figured out exactly what it is that i want to do. I mean "vague dreams of a kid" is not these days I am living in can afford. second, It seems my learning ability is increasing like never before, I am able to grasp and connect stuff as i go on! like last night I felt I don't know why chemistry works the way it does, I watched 5.111 and oh boy! the professor was good but I was incredibly good at grasping stuff that I watched the first half of the course in few hours. and feel like I have now idea of what i did and did not understand. I feel like this all boils down to abstraction ability, which i really think is something I lacked as a kid, or perhaps I was bad at abstraction in the time of pressure, exams, and social performance etc... I was good at math in primary school, and even in mid school, but then something happened before the high school. my curiosity expanded and it tried to soak up stuff I wasn't supposed to, and perhaps that over exposure to space science caused me something idk. 

I truly hope something well happens, because I truly believe I have worked hard so far, though not in the usual sense, because I always hated the way society works. but at least from my world view, something great has to happen before my 27th birthday. otherwise I'll die at 27 and get buried at 72. specifically I am hoping to do masters in whatever the fuck subject from 2024 to 2026 and hope to join a good north american graduate program by the fall of 2026. I just suffer from one thing: I'm not sure if I want to learn all the sciences and do independent research as a CEO of some inter-disciplinary science lab, or build THE ship that will go out into the space carrying thousands of people as a floating habitat the goal of which is to establish life on another star system perhaps [[Proxima Centauri]], or just become a regular good old professor of whatever the fuck subject. I am a as I was as a kid, full of dreams and no ideas whatsoever of If I can afford even the bread and butter on my own.