### 00:39
chatted with Navya an hour or so ago. she seems says she's lost. in an academic sense. I feel too sad for not only her but for the entire possibility for people to become lost BECAUSE of the system. the system?, you ask. I mean, the structure really. but sometimes i feel like there's no structure! the world magically works! how beautiful it is that there are tons of open problems in governance theory and yet we seem, at locally, happy! but most don't realize this comes at a cost of teens getting affected by wrong stuff, education suffering, early 20s becoming more and more stressful, etc etc... IDK I just feel incredibly dissatisfied with this world, not my surrounding but the whole world really! I have hopes for the America, it's the only open and free society I can see right now thriving. but it is being affected by the cultural people more and more. we need a new world. I just hope Artemis works. it has to, we're doomed otherwise. the doomsday i sight is not really that of an impact of an asteroid or bio-info-nuclear war, but that of fucking stupidity of governance. how can a concept be stupid? IDK i feel some concepts are stupid in themselves independent of the biological body from which it originated. whatever whatever!

my reading speed seems to have slowed down a lot and i have no idea why! I suppose because of the skim-read of [[GTM Graduate Texts in Mathematics by Springer]] books. like, abstract stuff would want you to pause and ponder even if it's obvious1

### 03:18
I am watching [[Algebraic Topology by Pierre Albin]], and loving the enthusiasm and clarity of the professor, which i feel is of the same class as [[Frederic Schuller]]'s. these people makes me feel that I have a theory of teaching. they're wonderful, they should have all the power there exists to rule to world and direct us all ignorant into the brightest possible light. but this is not my dream, and reality doesn't care about my opinion, so let's keep watching.