### 16:38
We moved to a new place (few months back) and here in the residential library I found (few weeks back) the 1989 version of the whole encyclopedia, all 22 gilded Hardcover volumes. and I was like WTF!? why did this not exist when I was a teenager? I read a bunch of books as a teenager but I bought them all at a cheap market, never from the shiny book stores. my father just couldn't afford those, let alone this encyclopedia!

so I thought what if I read it NOW? Like now now. I had the opportunity and I just took it! I started reading it and got very excited to finish it but it's been a month so far and I have reached halfway through the first volume. given that I've got a bunch of other important career stuff to do. at this age, I am not going to finish this encyclopedia, I now realize. I am not a teenager anymore! I have to work on other things too. like my exams. also, I might not be here (to be able to access this physical copy) in like next few months, so that's another constraint, given that I want to read this only in a physical form. 

my final decision is to just skim through it and read only the things I think are interesting and will help in connecting the orphan or other nodes in my mental network of things of this existence and the history and present of mankind as a whole. I now am planning to "skim through" all the (21, 22nd is just an index if I am right) volumes in the next few months (about 6-8 months). I'll update the Goodreads feed every time I finish a volume, with a link to my wiki listing the keywords I liked while reading. 

I know I could use the same time reading the nlab or other important and more useful-to-my-career encyclopedias online but I just want to go through this experience of reading a physical encyclopedia once in my life, and i am not that old yet so!

### 17:58
[[Cliff Burgess]] [twitted](https://twitter.com/CburgesCliff/status/1734064708213182582) about his notes: [[PDEs, ODEs, Analytic Continuation, Special Functions, Sturm-Liouville Problems and All That]], and i love it so much! in the replies i found a book: [[Special Functions A Unified Theory Based on Singularities]]. 