### 04:24
this [presentation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1J2RMorJXM) about the computers onboard the saturn 5 made me remind the good old days of my childhood, and also made me feel how little i know about how space programs work. I must learn more about space stuff, but perhaps after i first learn some mathematics. I know I've switched "domain of study" but I am sure I still have that dream and definitely hope to have a career that make me into space, and perhaps on an another planet. given that i am immortal, and there are finite resources, and compactness of the space i can traverse in my existence, I definitely want to consider this dream being a finite version of what my actual purpose is. it's a goal but not really. it's a purpose but not really. it's a dream but not really. it's a hope and wish but not really. it's more of a cognitive experience expectation but not really. whatever! I want to re-watch the walking on the moon and the space station before it's 6 AM. today's the last day i spend on films before I get into a good school, or at least an admission letter thereof. my history is fucked up, but my story won't be.

### 06:29
Just finished watching the walking on the moon. boy, I vividly remember the sensations and feelings I felt there in the IMAX theater. I was a kid, and having these intense feelings just shows how much of a big impact it had on me, even though my parents didn't appreciate the science and all (idk why!). boy, I feel so lost! I wanted to become an astronaut. I had a different perspective on what learning entails, and that's the only think, as far as i can deduce, that caused all there it is right now in my life. because of that I learned differently, so didn't score much in 10th, so didn't get into a good school for science. but in 11th and 12th i didn't go to school (because I was not in a good one!) and instead chose to self-study (after experimenting a bit with coaching and all that) and then exploration killed my entrance scores, so didn't get into IIT or IIST or anything good. I was so lost, I didn't know what to do, so i thought let's just go anywhere and then study hard (again in my own way) and then go for the masters outside. and I DID THAT, but I forgot that I had needed to score good to get into a good masters program! I just kept learning and exploring on my own way. and now I am nowhere! essentially that's what a failure looks like, ya? idk, I'll try my best to get a good masters now and then a PhD from US and eventually hope to work at some private (and governmental too if possible and needed) space company as an astronaut or an engineer or a mathematician or whatever and hope to get to the mars. OR just build my own company and start getting off the planet for various stuff and explore. I don't know if this will happen, I have other big dreams too! to learn enough mathematics and physics to be able to build my own unified theory, to formalize my own whole philosophy, and therefore to have a theory of consciousness and intelligence, and so build an AI, and finally to construct new socio-eco-political structure that has a good education sub(?)-system. #AIQGET let me add that tag here in this wiki as a piece of breadcrumb I'll leave every place I consider to be hosting my emotions of what my childish dreams are.

### 19:31
One day I'd like to learn the actual tree of life, and perhaps all possible ones. I feel that might help us find extra-terrestrials because we could come up with a narrow window in the space of all possible life forms to look for out in space, hoping that our understanding of the dynamics of life could help us list down the planets where there's a chance of appearance of life even though in future.

### 20:56
there are two orthogonal worlds, whose null intersection is rare but big enough to accommodate the set of big enough understand-ers of science that beautifully controls the progressive fate of the generations in the far future, the first one is the totality of academic people who think they "understand" science but the appropriate verb is "do", and the second one is the totality of popular science readers who too think they "understand" science but the appropriate verb is "know". it's the totality of the intersection who actually "know" and "do" science and therefore "understand" it.

### 21:55
I feel there's this problem of deciding what levels of processes are individual objects. each object in this existence is actually a process, a process is generally a change of state, but specifically in [[life sciences]] it's a change of state from one level to another in the [[hierarchy]] of [[life]], [[entropy]], or whatever. but which subset of this hierarchy is an object? generally from everyday life it's obvious that an object is a particular subset of levels of a hierarchy, but the other way around is hard(?). perhaps [[natural selection]] has a way to select the subset but we need to understand that to incorporate into artificial engineering. e.g. if a cell can build certain molecules for itself, why does it ask for some input molecules? why can't it make everything inside it? it feels like an object that creates everything that's needed within itself than that by definition is a physical [[universe]]. an object that creates nothing within itself is not a living thing, or not a process, or is the [[fundamental particle]] of physical universe. everything in-between is a process that has both an input and an output, so by this simply logic everything inside the universe requires a boundary to be "alive"! [[living vs non-living]] is a problem and i hope [[category theory]] can help us here? perhaps we need to understand [[Entropy]], [[Information]], and [[memory]] of all the levels from super meta to super concrete to really appreciate or debunk the [[process philosophy]] or [[functionalism]]. I am not sure how relevant are [[modularity]], [[compositionality]], and [[composability]] for this kind of problems, but i feel there's an answer somewhere around these notions, perhaps something new but similar and related to [[fractal]]? okay, this is getting super speculating, I'll stop here.