### 02:35
given the amount of time I have left, which is ~5 months, I think I should do the backward preparation. first read the pyqs, and then perhaps follow from there the books and stuff that's relevant. and chatGPT seems to be agreeing with this idea! 

right now, I'm going through section A of CSIR PYQs. it's really easy, so i thought I should just solve all of them without pen and paper, and I seem to be able to do that so far, will report once I solve 20 questions of this 2019 paper. it's really fun actually!

### 03:23
did all the 20, I had some interpretation issues in 2 of them and I just couldn't figure out 1 of them. overall i was supposed to do 15 and I feel I'm good already. the issue is I too about 40-45 mins for this. I feel this might reduce if i practice more but that should be lower in the preference list. i might try some more of these now before I seriously start the real stuff. also, I feel I should immediately stop hoping to finish [[Escher and Amann Analysis]] before I actually prepare for GS and CSIR. I feel it's better to focus on the exams now, and just read the books as i need them instead of actually reading them. perhaps after i feel that I'm good at the PYQs and stuff I'd consider perhaps coming back to reading books. so this is going to affect my [[reading]] thing too. only exams for next few months.

### 12:02
I slept between 6 and 7 the morning. there are some bunch of people in the living room, and I am here locked in the room. I was going through the 2019 CSIR paper, and kinda skim-read the Part A and Part B. Now, I'll do the same for Part C. one thing I feel is that it's not that hard as I thought it would be. I hope GS and NBHM are of the same kind, that is not beyond what i think they are. JAM, GATE, CMI, and ISI are known to me because I've written 3 of them, and 4th one seems similar. I hope to pass all of them. I am not sure if  i'll do masters  or iphd, I'll keep it unknown until I write all these exams. I'll let the results tell me what to do and where to go, which is completely opposite of what I've been doing so far in life, but this time i've to do something different because I can't tolerate yet an another failure, or whatever it is.

### 14:03
the weather is perfect! just enough sunlight and enough wind. the only sad thing i see right now from my window is the trees being chopped down at the entrance of sector 3. another a little disturbing thing was that these bunch of people who were here. even though I have asked to my family thousands time before to not make me a spotlight, they knocked the door for something they needed, and I just couldn't open the door, even though i wanted to. I just can't come out or even just silently open the door after I've been shouted and made it into everyone's mind that "there exists a man in the room". I HATED IT! this might be Social Anxiety Disorder thing, or perhaps something else. whatever it is, I am not planning to cure it. I just prefer it unconditionally for various reasons which I shouldn't even be thinking about in the first place. I exist, I am me, I have right to be me, and above all I is what exist. I do not consider this to be rude or insulting behavior, nor do i consider myself having an extreme level of [[selfishness]]. I have made it very clear what i like and don't, several times. it's their duty as a family to take care of it, and if they don't I can try to solve it but can't after they explode the situation out of my "psycho-chemical" control. sometimes I wonder if this is happening because i have low self-esteem or because I considered myself self-sufficient. I wonder if anything is true here. it's just irrational way to cope with irrational physiology of mine, idk!

oh, btw what am i listening to!? 愛情的魔力! (Ai Ching De Mo Li, the magic of love) a Chinese version of "that's amore"! loving it!!

Yao Lee (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yao_Lee) seems to be an interesting person, she lived 97 years! also i found at the bottom of the wiki page a pic of record, and it had at the bottom "made in india"! I think something isn't matching up with my knowledge of economics of China and India. will dive deeper into this later.

### 15:54
The weather is truly awesome today! it's been a long time since I felt like this. those were the days of primary education. also, this entrance of the sector 3 i mentioned, where the trees are being cut down. the entrance has this little architecture around it. and it reminds me of the last scenes of the hunger games. together with it the weather makes me feel like something just ended and a new thing is coming up, or has already arrived here. it feels like spring but of the kind where something sad is still in the background. teresa teng, polina gagarina, and yao lee are making it a more memorable pyscho-spatial variable. i don't know why but i feel like coming out of a depression! I feel the energy I used to when i was in highschool, and equally romantic (though silently). I feel like a new world is waiting for me. I hope to step in the new world before the end of 2026. this also gives me vibes of a rare scenes in star wars where among the giants of the galaxies having a war the normal people are just working and going on with time in local places. this is definitely not a novel, it's the freaking real reality I am experiencing right now! I know, I am not able to be poetic here but this is all i can right now. something beautiful is waiting out there. I am going there not to acquire but to just feel an awe of its existence. I'll follow the footsteps of that mysterious thing and hope to annihilate as soon as i sight the very existence of a shadow of this romantic fragrance of incomprehensible platonic beauty of which direct contact is like that of all electrons in a one-electron universe or of all the isomorphisms of a groupoid.

I have no idea what i just did there!

### 17:55
Few days back I watched a talk on how category theory can help settle the problem of consciousness, [[Inverted spectrum problem]] in particular. I actually liked the idea that [[category theory]] is being useful in such big problems, but at the same time I had a skeptical eye towards it. [[Matteo Capucci]] seems to have written a response to that talk [here](https://matteocapucci.wordpress.com/2023/07/15/no-the-yoneda-lemma-doesnt-solve-the-problem-of-qualia/). I agree with him. though I still need a bit more education on [[presheaf]] and stuff to understand the last section of his post. 

EDIT@20:31 I just found [this tweet](https://twitter.com/mattecapu/status/1680179329693564928) which has some good responses to matteo's response.

### 19:33
One of the reasons why I'm trying to build this theory of hierarchy of [[selfishness]] is that I feel all the problems of my life originate from the ambiguity of the divisive circle of inside from outside. If I've done anything so far, either failed or succeeded or did something that was beyond any perceived gauges, it's with my inherent assumption(or whatever the appropriate word is here) that "I" must walk along with others and let everyone be there. ofc "I" here is something 'I' don't know what it really entails, though i do have feeling about it because it was "me" who did follow the same philosophy all my life, at least so far. now I'm changing my philosophies, it's been a while since i did so actually. I now believe in absolute free agency in the network of agents of various degrees of consciousness spectrum. yes, I do believe no two worldlines share the same qualia, nor do they "experience" the same qualia. no matter how meta-levels we climb there's this weird circle of division of some sort.

Just before the sun sets, there's this few seconds of extreme red sky and then suddenly whitish blue one, I love it. it represents an organism of the beautiful romance of heavens and the earth just after a magnificent kiss of the clouds and light with the horizon as a the crease line of the two harmonious lips. 

I believe romance and rationality are the actual things we live all this time for. rationality is a property of endomorphisms of agents, and romance is the arena in which these agents continue creating new endomorphisms of self-referential thinking agents that then try to romanticize rationality and then end up rationalizing romance and so on....

it's a hell of the day for me, this is why i live, and this is why I wish to live, especially on the moon and mars, and especially travel to proxima centauri. I will not abide by the rules, conventions, and beliefs of the masses, nor will i ever kill myself for those inevitable stupid agents of the network I am part of. 