---
layout: quotes
title: random thoughts
permalink: /random_thoughts/
---

<details>
<summary>
Nskss asks s s.
</summary>

0. > [No matter what certificate or degree of a topic one brings in, it is always possible to prove that there's an ambiguity in one's understanding of the same! And if the topic was science or rationally oriented discipline then the proof depicts the failure of assurance of knowledge by certificate or degree!](#3)
0. > [Creativity, artistic thoughts, and love are the most judged things, and this education system even tries to assign a "number" or "grade" to it! That's insane! How are you going to assign a number to the mind which is producing enormous amount of thoughts and idea?
DO NOT ASSIGN NUMBER AND JUDGE THE ART AND CREATIVITY, if you keep doing it, I'll rise with the loudest roar and destroy your whole system!](#2)
0. > [Unfortunately there still are people (even the students) who believes in grading systems, I must say that these people are vision-less or at least blind of the vision! They've no purpose at all! They're just TRYING TO SURVIVE! Nothing wrong in it, it's understandable and natural but even after making them aware of it if they don't realize, it's called an ANIMAL MIND!](#1)
{: reversed="reversed"}

</details>

0. > [a conversation is not at all happening between two bodies, it's those memories with which another bunch of memories is interacting, a response by these memories is faster than the body itself become aware of it, it therefore is better to put arguments with love, smile, and patience, by the time the opponent's memories has responded, it'stoo late for bothe the bodies to be able to cooperate unless both comes together and tries to dissect the situation as a manifestation of memories.](#51)
0. > [My sister used to think that all these mathematics I'm teaching her is super easy to me, she even considered me a god of it!, but today I broke that belief of her by showing ambiguities in my understanding of definate integrals.](#50)
0. > [I dream of computer memories made up of very natural things like water and other possible quantum memories, once we master this kind of memory devices, the computing based on these memories will allow us to build quantum level computers which are way more efficient and "natural" in a one way and "artificial" in an another way.](#49)
0. > [When it comes to truth seeking moments, I posses no mercy of heart breaking arguments, the opponent; be it my parents or anyone in the existence including the god itself, has to conclude the dialogue with either the truth or failure acceptance, but never victory without the truth defined with rationally complete arguments.](#48)
0. > [I loose against those pseudo things I've observed, the people; not to generalize the proposition, who worship and admire gods and call themselves a lover of god are more vicious and unrighteous, the people who talk about science and rationality are more irrational and nonscientific in the very way they live and exchange information!, where do I stand in this binary like world?, how do I not delude myself by these paradoxes of life?](#47)
0. > [a righteous human never identifies own existence with caste/religion/nationality/tribe, and in the complicated situations like border conflicts, one never stays calm, instead takes blood for blood kind of action, but one never hates the other side by generality, nor does one become traitor to the mother nation by loving the other side while fighting for the truth, it's just simple humanity, there's no complications at all!](#46)
0. > [My "rational" words might hurt you, it might seem like a bullet or a fire or a knife which hurts you to the blood, but if you try to listen to the voice within me; my intention, you'll feel compassion and love towards this whole existence, it's just what I noticed about my existence not what I'm trying to impose on my identity!](#45)
0. > [If you define "success" to be "a moment of positive emotions bursting out of your existence after a long journey of accumulation of all the negative and positive emotions with adventurous action memories", I'm no hungry of such SUCCESSES!](#44)
0. > [A new entertainment era of web series has already began,
And a new genre "scientifically infographic nonfiction comedy drama" yet to be born to be the most loved genre of all time even more than "adult" genre! I'd call it "scinfodrama" for short! Definition of which can be given as "drama with informative jokes, actions, and existential questions of reality with scientific answers".](#43)
0. > [As per "my" current understanding, if The God is within the physical realm of existence, and if The Quantum Theory of truth seekers is true, I'm afraid to make a conclusion that "my entangled interactions; with anything within this physics realm of existence, are not being observed or even noted down by The GOD since that's how the entanglement works!" If the Karma theory of Krishna is correct, there must be something missing in "my" understanding of entanglement.](#42)
0. > [If for a physical variable or constant one doesn't have an insightful cognitive intuition, the theory composed of such variables and constants; is either falsified or its understanding is proved to be illusive and emergent from one's unconscious memories of "pseudoscientific information". To; however, have deep insightful cognitive intuition of a physical variable or constant, One must enfold their own thought processes by either dialectical or empirical procedures of doubt. And if both the procedures fails emotion and imagination plays a role of the very folder of thoughts, but if nothing works, the theory must be replaced; no matter how beautiful the abstract objects of such theories are!](#41)
0. > [I just can't tolerate the pseudoscience being taught in academia, all the theories, problems, solutions, and examples they include in their syllabus are completely "irrational and nonscientific", if we define science as a deduction from the first principles with rigorously established all the definitions and postulates being used, but instead this academia chooses LAZY way to teach, i.e "this is true and therefore this is true"! Newton's own details are not being provided or even discussed in schools while actually "teaching" newton's laws!](#40)
0. > [The abstrusity of newton's principia is a symbol of the genius of the very thought processes he has invented, no matter what you believe, I'll always: after having read it raw and from several other authors' commentaries, that he was the greatest geometric; though his analytical skills are also of great value, genius of deductive science known to mankind!](#39)
0. > [If bipolarized thoughts and information exists in a culture of the digital communication era when the facts are available in the palm, it symbolizes "the fact" that the human mind is seeking a "least actionable way" to get the information, which ofc is most likely to be fake and unreal! And not "most probably true" information.](#38)
0. > [Rigor with beauty is what makes a girl interesting from eyes of my perception!
I'd rather choose this kinda girl than the beauty of the world or the intelligence of humans!](#37)
0. > [The more I try to break the chain of random thoughts, I end up having an infinite chain of logically sequential thoughts!](#36)
0. > [In majority of the conversations I've, my logical questions ends up interested as "my anger"! And my compassion is interpreted as "idiotic action".](#35)
0. > [I've finally figured it out, "why industry want degrees and certificates?", because they need a proof of your obedience not your intelligence!](#34)
0. > [A school degree might cost a million bucks, but an insightful thought is free of cost, if I'm feeling more happier for having an insightful thought than having a gold medalist degree, then I don't think I need to run after degree at all!](#33)
0. > [There exists a diemsion of my existence of which Almost all the thoughts are acts of self preservation, i'm working fixing this since i do not want to end up being a monkey who's trapped in an infinite monkey experiment!, survival of either my existence or the memories of my existence is unimportant; i feel, compared to the need of understanding this existence for the sake of greater good of "Everything".](#32)
0. > [I always say this; "I'm not after grades, degrees, or job, but I do definitely want those!", meaning; possession of those things is not purpose, nor is it my preference, it's just an obstacle in my way, I definitely need to clear it out anyway, until I don't do that I'm not progressing, though it's to be noted that it doesn't mean that my purpose is to be accomplished only my this way!, it's just a natural choice, and if I in the future; somehow, become unnatural, it's very much likely that I'll end up having a path of an explorer; whose path is chaotic adventure itself!](#31)
0. > [Why is it that this person insulted me and cicked me out of the class, in front of the whole class, by saying that i was disturbing the class, though what i did was that i just asked a simple question of ODEs(though i knew the kinda answer i wanted to prove that he didn't knew and was just pretending to be a professor), and the whole class was just watching it happening! why? though outside the class these very same people hate the faculties!](#30)
0. > [these people here are forcing me to posses the things which I never wanted to! they're asking to posses the degree, possess the name and fame, they're asking to possess the money, and all those garbage! boy why don't you understand simple thing? I don't what the garbage! I want the life! I want to understand it, and that's what I'm working on! if you think I'm failed, I don't really care because my purpose is not to make you understand me! my purpose is to make me understand this existence and hense you too!](#29)
0. > [Only two kind of people fail exams in this education system, those who don't want to learn but live, and those who can't live without learning, those who pass exams are those who don't actually care about learning at all!](#28)
0. > [I'm the most egoistic thing I've ever observed](#27)
0. > [Why is it that compassion and affection plays a larger role in human communication, be it of any kind, especially the one which is spoken, and even specifically the "rational and successfully productive" communication tends to be more compassionated and affectionate!, WHY?](#26)
0. > [i call them "Barking Dogs" and sometimes "Businessmen" but never "teachers" or "professors", because they've this interesting property, that "they start barking like a dog" (meaning they're not conscious enough to know what they're speaking, understanding it is just beyond their existential scope!) when we are in their "Ilaakaa" (territory), and sometimes "they start selling theories they don't even understand; like a buinessman".](#25)
0. > [i realize; while reading my past posts, that i'm just finding "a perfect" philosophy to suite "totally" to my current situations and actions, by an egoistic lies!](#24)
0. > [i realize i've been and still am doing things with great mistakes and still naively believe that one day there'll be perfection!](#23)
0. > [Abstraction is my wife, i love to spend days with her but somehow due to some reasons i've to spend time with her at night too! she is my eternal wife in a sense that neither of us can exist without another! she even gives me frequent orgasm of thoughts, i'm a little worried about what might people think about us when they'll realize that i exist in a form of their "abstraction"! but this fear actually makes me realize that i'm either alone or nonexistent!](#22)
0. > [i put a hypothesis that "understanding this existence" is "a" conclusion of the hypothesis "understanding observer", and put a lemma to it that the hypothesis "understanding observer" is equivlent to the conclusion "understanding this existence" in a subspace of a larger space consisting of "understanding everything(means nothing is unknown!)", and hense the converse of the statement "understanding an observer means understanding this existence" is not true either from logic or from the deduction of the hypothesis.](#21)
0. > [我不怕死, 我怕回忆!](#20)
0. > [Life begins when foe becomes friend, and ends when self vanishes!](#19)
0. > [the source of the knowledge is an important factor of progress, the information gained from original sources might take some time to digest but that's the only we to reach the truth instead of reading some textbooks or "factbook"!](#18)
0. > [When you go against your professor, and lose respect from his/her eyes, and when some magic happens and professor comes to you and apologizes, that moment neither do you love nor do you hate him/her, neither do you feel great nor do you feel loser, that's the moment the world ends and you feel that you are now finally capable of understanding him/her!](#17)
0. > [Deductions and Emotions, I'm flowing in the ocean of which tidal phases are deductions and emotions, I'm Oscillating betwixt both, I've spent a lot of time understanding emotions and feeling deductions, and even the usual converse, BUT I'm A TOTAL FAILURE TO EITHER SNUB OR BEFRIEND THESE TWO DEMONS OF MY EXISTENCE!](#16)
0. > [chronology defenately helps; to put the theory intuatively in order, and to treat arguments in a systematic ways, but that choronology must not be of the history; but of "rational deduction", since "Written History" is always ambiguous no matter how one tries to put it!](#15)
0. > [GOD must be lazy enough to forget the documentation part of the creation!](#14)
0. > [TIME'S EATING ME because i've been surfing on the wave; of this existential ocean, which makes me oscillate around the frontier of RATIONALITY and LOVE!](#13)
0. > [it's the humanity which is agianst the science not the relegion!](#12)
0. > [Love and Rationality are fighting not Science and Religion!](#11)
0. > [Irrationality is not the opposite of Rationality but the Absence of Rationality!](#10)
0. > [Love has never been Irrational, but neither is it Rational! it's just beyond it!](#9)
0. > [YOU HATE THE SCIENCE, MATHEMATICS, OR ENGINEERING! if you start attending the "Professional" lectures; but when you realize that your science or mathematics or engineering professor is not a scientist or a mathematician or an engineer him/herself, you begin to realize that "YOU HAVE TO LEARN AND FIGURE IT OUT YOURSLEF", and you do the same, and as a result YOU LOVE THE SCIENCE, MATHEMATICS, OR ENGINEERING!](#8)
0. > [just as memorizing is not same as understanding, understanding/learning is not same as memorizing! memories of the learnt things might have been deleted but it always can be recreated with conscious thoughts but the same is not true for memorized things!](#7)
0. > [i loved myself a lot; and as a result, with time i ended up with existential problems, so i started hating myself and loving others; and as a result, with time i ended up once again with existenctial problems, so i started hating others and loving this existence; and as a result, with time i ended up once again with existential problems, but this time i started hating "this" existence and loving "the whole existence", and as a result, with time i'm more into it, i feel the love, i feel me, and i feel others, because i still "Love the whole existence", it's just that i'm not yet able to comprehend and digest what "my existence" is experiencing about "its" existence!](#6)
0. > [i just realizzed the reason why i fail exams; "i feel better with logical order of thoughts and abstract objects"!](#5)
0. > [since last few years all my thoughts and insights of existence is being percieved in terms of vector space like "abstract space", and i'm afraid if these objects becomes my "unforgettable" memories, i won't be able to experience this life the way it is!](#4)
0. > [No matter what certificate or degree of a topic one brings in, it is always possible to prove that there's an ambiguity in one's understanding of the same! And if the topic was science or rationally oriented discipline then the proof depicts the failure of assurance of knowledge by certificate or degree!](#3)
0. > [Creativity, artistic thoughts, and love are the most judged things, and this education system even tries to assign a "number" or "grade" to it! That's insane! How are you going to assign a number to the mind which is producing enormous amount of thoughts and idea?
DO NOT ASSIGN NUMBER AND JUDGE THE ART AND CREATIVITY, if you keep doing it, I'll rise with the loudest roar and destroy your whole system!](#2)
0. > [Unfortunately there still are people (even the students) who believes in grading systems, I must say that these people are vision-less or at least blind of the vision! They've no purpose at all! They're just TRYING TO SURVIVE! Nothing wrong in it, it's understandable and natural but even after making them aware of it if they don't realize, it's called an ANIMAL MIND!](#1)
{: reversed="reversed"}
